this fire and on a lighter note tonight
a Bay Area High School went up for sale
today but only briefly someone spotted
an ad for a Pasco County school posted
on Craigslist dot org the asking price
just five hundred thousand dollars hmm
Peter Stein's most Aikman went to find
out if this was the steal of a century
or an end-of-the-year prank Gulf High
School in Pasco County hit the real
estate listings Monday morning it came
as a shock for many including the swim
coach we talked to oh my gosh is that
for real
because that's that's pretty detailed
the New Port Richey high school was
posted on Craigslist for sale but the
district says for sale signs are not
going up here in fact their senior prank
two students told us it's all just a
prank they pulled today well we've been
planning ahead a little bit and then we
just decided to do it
touting what Gulf High School has to
offer the ad listed everything from a
full-size track and football field to
parking lots and locker rooms pictures
are even posted to help sealed a five
hundred thousand dollar deal yeah we
took a lot of the pictures off the
website and everything all the
information is just kind of stuff after
four years of being here you just know a
lot the ad asks only serious inquiries
to reply but students trying to sell
their school turned into a pretty good
joke well we all thought it was pretty
funny at the price that they put I
thought that was a pretty good deal I
think I might go to the bank and get a
loan district officials say someone did
their homework and got most of the
school stats correct on the ad but they
did question the very low asking price
five hundred thousand dollars is a good
deal schools to build a new school is
fifty to sixty million dollars priceless
for these pranksters who have just one
day left of high school it was a
successful prank the post was online a
few hours before it was removed in Pasco
County Melissa Eichmann Bay news 9